- [Instructor] So, now let's do some exception handling
in out Hplus application.
We are going to make the login flow work.
What I mean is if you go to the browser,
this is our homepage,
and when I click on login then I get the login page display.
So, I can enter the username and password here
and click on login,
and this flow is something that we're going to
set up as a part of this demo.
So, once we set up that login flow,
then we are going to make sure
that we transact against the database,
find out if the user is present in the database.
If not, then we will throw in exception.
So, that's how we're going to simulate the exception,
and that exception then has to be managed
by the exception handler that we're trying to implement
as a part of this demo.
What's the first step?
Add the "error.jsp" in the JSP folder for /error mapping.
What this means is by default,
Spring Boot provides you a /error handler mapping
enabling your application.
If you remember in one of our previous videos,
we did a small mistake in the form in COTAX
and a white page which was the error page
was displayed to us.
That is called the whitelabel error page,
and that is the one that
is mapped through this /error mapping,
but we do not want to see that page.
We want to see our customized error JSP.
So, we're going to add the one in our project.
So, if you go to your resources folder
you have it available under chapter four.
Let's just copy that,
come back to the IDE and paste it here.
So, error page is ready.
It doesn't have much content as it in error folder,
and there's a small error message saying
that sorry there's something that has gone wrong.
Next, we have to disable the default whitelabel error page.
So, as we said before that /error mapping
is going to correspond to that whitelabel error page.
We do not want that.
We want error.jsp to be taken into consideration.
So, to make sure that happens we have to disable that page,
and that is done by a property
that you have to configure in application.properties file.
Now, that's already available
under your resources folder again.
So, if you go to the dependencies
for Spring MVC of Spring Boot.
We have that property listed out on line number 20.
I'm just going to copy that,
come to our IDE,
open application properties,
and just paste that value bit. Right.
So, the property that we have pasted right now
is saying spring.autoconfigure.excluded.
And what is it supposed to exclude?
It is supposed to exclude the autoconfigure websublet
error page for all.springframework.boot.
So, that's what we are trying to do by this property
and treat in the properties file.
Okay, what is the next step?
Now, we have to make the login flow work.
So, let's create a login LoginContoller java for login,
and map it to the login.jsp.
So, let's come back to IDE.
Go back to the controllers folder.
Right click, say new javaplus,
and then say LoginController.
Of course this is the controller,
so business as usual,
annotate it properly with all the respective annotations.
Let's add a PostMapping,
it's going to have the password
so you cannot make a get request.
So, it'll be a Post request,
and provide a URL pattern for this handle.
Let it return a string and just say login.
Just for now, we will just go back to the search page,
but we're going to amend this flow when we plug in
the session management in the later part of this course.
So, right now let's just return search from here,
and let's take this login URL.
Let's go to our login JSP,
and if you scroll down you have a form on line number 36.
We just specifically for the login use case.
So, there under the action attribute,
I am now going to put this as a mapping.
The method is post,
and then you have the username and password feeds.